doc: document windows setup on top level readme (#76)
intel/cloud-streaming: sources/streamer/server/screen-capture/readme.rst

Screen Capture is a tool to capture, encode and stream Windows desktop using
WebRTC (OWT). It differs from `Screen Grab Tool <../../../apps/screen-grab/readme.rst>`_
by having streaming capability while ``screen-grab`` can only dump encoded
bitstream to a file. Use `WebRTC (OWT) Client <../../../apps/screen-grab/readme.rst>`_
application to receive captured stream and interact with remote server.

Screen Capture tool supports encoding with AVC, HEVC and AV1.

Usage
-----

::

  screen-capture.exe [<options>] config_file

Options:

-h, --help
    Print help

--logfile file
    File to use for logging. ``PID`` in the file name will be substituted
    with process ID.

--loglevel <error|warning|info|debug>
    Loglevel (default: ``info``)

--video-codec <avc|h264|hevc|h265|av1>
    Video codec to use for encoding (default: ``avc``)

--video-bitrate bitrate
    Encoding bitrate.

--pix_fmt <yuv420p|yuv444p>
    Use ``yuv420p`` or ``yuv444p`` output format for hevc stream
    (default: ``yuv420p``)

--server-peer-id id
    Server (session) ID (default: ``ga``)

--client-peer-id id
    Client ID (default: ``client``)

--display display

>     Display output to capture. By default captures display attached to
>     the first adapter (check with ``enum-adapters.exe``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Display output to capture. If this option is not specified capture display output is main display (the first display connected to the first adapter in DXGI order).
```

Config file can be used to set other options. For example, use
``signaling-server-host`` and ``signaling-server-host`` to specify P2P server
location (``localhost`` and ``8095`` by default).

Examples
--------

> * Capture first adapter output from ``enum-adapters.exe`` list as AVC stream::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Capture main display output as AVC stream::
```

    ./bin/screen-capture.exe ./config/server.desktop.webRTC.conf

> * Capture first adapter output from ``enum-adapters.exe`` list as HEVC 444
>   8-bit stream (444 8-bit is currently supported only for HEVC)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Capture main display output as HEVC 444 8-bit stream (444 8-bit is currently supported only for HEVC)::
```
